I started as a revolutionary
I studied with the trash
and today that agreement for help by presenting cross 6 the karajan space
my garage to haiti
in the southwest thousand barrels
must do it all our part
how did she grow up and had the first obscene act
to the people of God jabulani that happened
It's about another great team as is the space to play
in love with the UN troops
from now on
and also the death of the girl
the two leaders is that the galley
this is ours
the team wants to come back
shortly after youth that is são paulo
thank you guys
ludmila
woman's work
It was a very good day because the lula da silva and then the air
and even with the arrival of the
You want to know how to press this one too?
projects in Haiti or on the left and I want to be able to
and here too our goal is really that it is the site in the future.
where sacrament happens last weekend as I told the ecclesia that in the
I do not change our projects and also made the initial
evangelize the night but it is also our goal to
he also does not support his club josé coutinho in the headquarters of the radio cbn vou
continue their search for the victims of cutting nor rational of the medicine but
they need to win to improve our performance so far plus one
Radio and TV advertisement in September of this new year
the senator emphasized the commander
teresa for sale
/P
this was my heart it seemed to me a little
this is what happens in the ballads that the selection was happy with the arrival of the
crisis
until now we have tried the songs and dancehall
in general, or when people call me initially,
young man's leg
and it is also a possibility to evangelize in January
to coutinho the sanctity to bring the spirit the nivose to play to continue
The one that used to be a poop
because of this the mayor